Can you confirm this is Naoki Torino?
Yes.
It was in his left hand when he was found.
Whoever did this to Naoki,
I'll never forgive them!
This was the flower
you were holding.
Let's go. You can't be here alone.
This is…
It's me and Rio.
Is this girl, Rio's friend?
Suzuka…
-Suzuka Takahara.
-Yui.
I have to go home.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3RD, 2023
According to the autopsy,
Naoki Torino's death was from
hemorrhagic shock from a knife wound
in the midline of the anterior thoracic
region and the right lumbar region.
So that's why!
My chest and this area hurt like hell.
The estimated time of death
was between 5 and 7 p.m. on January 13th.
I'm an idiot for dying on Yui's birthday.
The flower the victim was holding
matched the variety grown
at Masaru Hirota's house.
I don't remember grabbing that flower.
Shush!
There were trace amounts of blood
on the living room floor.
We also found evidence of
burned carpeting on the property.
As for the weapon,
based on the shape of the wound,
it appears to have been
pruning shears or something similar.
Well, it's not the murder weapon itself,
but something similar
was found in the house.
So, based on the above,
we are almost certain that Naoki Torino
was murdered in this house.
In accordance with Masaru Hirota's will,
the house and property
were donated to the prefecture
with restrictions…
Thank you for providing us with the photo.
I don't remember meeting Suzuka Takahara.
I see.
And?
Um,
I've been curious about something.
I wasn't sure if I should ask you.
What is it?
Will Naoki
disappear when his body's gone?
We contacted the prefectural government
and found that after his death,
regarding the handling of
Masaru Hirota's property…
What?
-Never mind.
-Nothing has been decided.
Hey, did you find
the five million in cash?
I had it with me,
in order to return it to Rio.
About the picture from 20 years ago…
It was not found with the remains.
How did Rio…
have so much money in the first place?
-I'll be leaving now.
-Alright! Good night.
Rio-cha--
It hurts…
Please.
Don't remember anything.
A total of 17 foster children came
to the Hirota family.
Except for Naoki Torino and Rio Ozaki,
the 15 others have alibis
for January 12 and 13.
-They couldn't be the culprit.
-Excuse me!
There was a 911 call.
Yui Soma was attacked.
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE POLICE
Did the attacker say anything else?
Yes…
Rio.
Don't come over here.
She said, "Don't come over here."
I wonder what that meant?
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7TH, 2023
If we don't settle this soon,
Yui will be in danger.
I know.
You want to find the missing five million?
Then use me!
-I can do what the cops can't.
-I know, but…
Whatever facts you uncover
can't be used as evidence.
The priority is catching the killer.
I know! But…
It won't matter if society doesn't
recognize the person as the culprit.
I can't make them pay for their sins.
Furthermore,
it won't help the victims.
A normal life.
For both Yui and I.
A normal life,
would've been good for us.
Right when I thought…
He must have been thinking
of getting married.
ATTORNEY YASUSHI SAKATA
I'm sorry.
But I thought that's why Naoki
switched to purchasing this apartment.
I see.
If it's alright with you,
we'll try to re-sell the property,
and start liquidating the loan.
I will live here.
Yes… but…
I will take over the payments after this.
I will return the amount
that Naoki has paid so far.
You might want to consider it
a little more before you do this.
By the way, can you provide me
with Naoki's picture?
His parents are troubled because they
don't have a photo for his funeral.
They don't have anything recent.
I'll pick one and send it to you.
-No, not that one.
-This one's good.
-No, no…
-I'll just send this one.
Can you not pick so fast?
Don't like it?
But this is the only photo
I have of you alone.
What about that one?
This photo…
Would it be bad if I didn't hand it over?
No matter how much I love this photo,
it's a bit painful to look at,
because I know that
I can never
take a photo like this ever again.
I guess we'll pick this one.
That one's good.
KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
SAKIHAMA POLICE STATION
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8TH, 2023
This man was an imposter.
He looks similar to the delivery guy who
makes deliveries to the building.
Initially, he was reported to have
made a delivery at this time.
However,
according to the records,
the delivery time had been changed
at the customer's request.
So,
did this man kill Suzuka Takahara?
The body of a man found on the 28th
of last month in a mountainous area
in Sugamiya town, Aiko county
in Kanagawa has been identified.
Naoki Torino, age 34, a chef
from Naka district, Yokohama City.
He had been missing since January 13th.
The Kanagawa Police
were conducting a search.
Is it okay for you to be here?
The police believe that Mr. Torino
might’ve been involved in an incident…
It'd be troublesome
if you did things on your own.
I won't say anything.
So tell them not to worry.
A-E-I-O-U,
A-E-I-O-U…
What could it be?
-Sorry…
-Why did you do that?
I just got a bit excited
because she was so genuinely surprised.
-Huh?
-And she's really cute!
That's just wrong.
You really shouldn't do that.
It's worse than stalking.
You're always stuck on your girl too.
What are you going to do
now that your body's been found.
You don't want to go up there, do you?
Then what? You'll be her guardian angel?
You're worse than a stalker!
I'm not going to suddenly disappear, am I?
Whether I go or not,
can I decide that for myself?
I was scared.
It's the second time
you've seen it, right?
Why don't you just admit
that ghosts exist?
The dead and the living
live in different worlds.
It's not easy for me to believe
that they can always be by your side.
That's how sad death is.
But that's why,
everyone wants to live.
I think it's wonderful to be alive.
-I guess so.
-It's better to say goodbye and let go.
If there's any time left.
I couldn't.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13TH, 2023
And now, the time has come
for our final goodbyes.
Please place your flowers.
Go ahead.
HIDEWA CEREMONY
Naoki…
Naoki,
you're here, right?
Naoki?
Answer me, Naoki.
-Naoki.
-Yui!
-Yui! It's okay. I'm here!
-Naoki.
Naoki!
You're here. Thank God.
I'm sorry.
I knew I had to give you
a proper send-off, but…
Shall we go on a date?
-What?
-Uh, no, you see…
It's what Naoki said.
"Let's go on a date."
A date?
I knew I was going to get this reaction.
Why are you so surprised?
I never thought I'd hear Naoki
use the word "date."
Well, sure, it's a little embarrassing.
I'm the one who always invited him
to go somewhere.
Is that so?
But…
What should we do then?
I'm kind of excited.
-Ah, Mr. Uozumi?
-Yes?
I'm making tea. Do you want milk or sugar?
Oh, thank you. Could you please
add a large helping of milk then?
Sure.
Milk?
What's wrong?
You seem to be less reserved lately,
don't you think?
Yes, well, she asked me.
I want something sweet.
I should have bought some
Valentine's Day chocolates or something.
What?
She looks so happy…
Why don't you say or do things
that will make the other person happier?
It's embarrassing!
You're not the type to do that either.
If I were in your shoes,
I'd be a devoted boyfriend.
In that case,
come with us.
To where?
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14TH, 2023
How long has it been? Twenty years?
Surprisingly, it hasn't changed.
-Did it have to be here?
-Maybe I'll remember something…
about this photo.
It's best to know
even the smallest details, right?
Yeah.
Yes.
Do you think that's part of your duties?
I don't know, that's why I'm asking you.
Going to an amusement park
with someone from the case…
Guess I'll pretend I didn't hear it.
What?
Mr. Uozumi, why are you so far away?
Come over here and talk to us.
Ah, okay.
Oh, you two, over there,
why don't you give it a try?
We need more participants.
There are prizes for participants,
and the first prize is extravagant.
-No…
-An air purifier?
Don't fall for this sort of thing.
How nice. I've been wanting
to get one of these.
Come on. We don't have many participants,
so this is your chance.
-Ah, no… Huh?
-Hey!
It's the Cosmo World
Valentine's Day Special Event.
Right or Wrong? A quiz about
how much you understand each other!
SANMA-MEN, NAPOLITAN, MOONCAKE, DUMPLING
We have four couples joining us today.
The rules are simple.
I'm going to give you…
In other words, it's a game to see
if we both think the same thing, right?
This'll be a piece of cake, won't it?
No, but that's cheating, right?
Wait.
Let's play seriously.
Now, let's get to the first question.
What is the most memorable place
for the two of you?
It's suddenly very challenging!
-Please write at the same time!
-The most memorable place…?
Oh, I know where… The park.
-It's definitely this place.
-The park where you can see the harbor…
Hey! What do I write?
Let's reveal them all at once! Go ahead!
HUMMINGBIRD
Oh, amazing!
All teams are correct!
-Oh…
-They all understand each other!
-We understand each other.
-You call that a memorable place?
Well…
-I guess…
-Now, question two!
Which one of you asked
the other out first?
-Which one?
-Yui.
-Wha--?
-Shut up. Hurry and write.
It's getting exciting!
Between Team Mooncake and Team Napolitan,
it's now Sudden Death!
Question five!
Uh, let me ask you ladies.
Right now, what would you like
your partner to give you as a gift?
It's an air purifier.
Well, more or less…
Right now, huh?
Huh?
Will this be the one that
decides the winners?
Show your answers!
NECKLACE
Team Napolitan is correct!
Oh no! Team Mooncake!
A dishwasher vs. a new phone…
Too bad! The winner's been decided!
The winner is Team Napolitan!
Yes!
-Yay, an air purifier!
-Well, it's only natural.
-Was Naoki looking?
-Huh?
No…
-I thought so.
-You wanted to win, right?
Now, let me ask you a few questions.
-Yui-san is it?
-Yes.
You wrote "necklace."
So do you like accessories?
It's a common gift, but…
There's a couple
I've always wanted to be like.
Silver wedding anniversary?
APRIL 2003
How long have you been married?
Twenty-five years.
Twenty-five years?
And…
he got me this.
M?
M for Mikiko.
Nice, isn't it?
I like this kind of thing.
It's totally ordinary.
It's very much like Masaru,
don't you agree?
"Ordinary?" I wonder if
that's a compliment.
-I'm complimenting you.
-Then compliment me more.
Let's see… What can I say?
-How nice.
-Right?
-It's super nice!
-Well, then, give me a compliment too.
I've always wanted to be like
the two of them.
You must definitely give her
a necklace then.
Uh, no, I mean… okay.
I'm so happy for you!
Congrats on the win!
Lastly, let's take a photo of our winners.
Huh?
Right this way please.
I'm taking it now.
Stand a bit closer.
Ah, okay.
I'm sure Naoki's in between us anyway.
-I bet he's saying "Don't stand so close!"
-Uh, yeah.
I guess you can't see Naoki in the photo.
Well, it would be a little scary
if he was in the photo, wouldn't it?
That's true.
Are you upset?
-"I'm not upset. It's just my face."
-I'm upset.
He says he's upset.
Really?
Why are you having so much fun?
Eating ice cream in the winter.
This! Whoever sees you two
will think you guys are a couple.
-No, that was for convenience's sake.
-Huh? What's he saying?
He says that it looks like
me and Miss Yui, are on a date.
-What?
-"Miss Yui?"
You always called her Ms. Soma.
-Is that so?
-What?
He's mad because I called you "Miss Yui."
That's fine. It's not a big deal.
You know, you're being surprisingly honest
about expressing your emotions today.
-Shut up. It's good to be honest.
-Yeah.
I don't know…
No, it's nothing.
Oh, that's right, let's go for a ride.
Tickets we got for participating.
COSMO WORLD AMUSEMENT PARK
FERRIS WHEEL TICKET
I wonder what people think seeing a guy
and girl our age riding a Ferris wheel.
It's fine.
Maybe you'll remember something.
Go ahead. Please get in.
Good afternoon. Please watch your step.
-Go ahead.
-Have a nice trip.
I'm not good with heights.
Please close the door.
Oh, okay.
-Hey.
-I'm closing the door.
How pretty.
Everyone's so small.
But…
we're usually among them aren't we?
Watching from the sky…
Please don't ever do that, okay?
Don't disappear, okay?
Sorry, I'm not finding a connection
with the case at this time.
You're just on a date then!
-Get back here now.
-I got to go.
What's wrong?
-We had a fight.
-Huh? How are you able to fight?
-I…
-He's over there.
Huh? Which way?
-Where?
-That's enough.
She's just stubborn.
Why are you talking about her like that?
I thought you wanted to make her happy?
Let's let her go home
in a good mood, okay?
I wish I could.
But it's not possible. You know that.
-But…
-It's no fun.
Yui's worried and so am I.
I don't know what I am
or when I'm going to disappear.
I've been desperately
thinking about what Yui and I--
Huh?
Yui.
I…
-Naoki?
-It seems…
I've taken over Uozumi's body again.
Huh?
Then,
that means we can talk.
Um…
-You see, Naoki, I--
-It won't work.
This is unnatural
and will inevitably come to a dead end.
There is a way.
I mean, we're doing it right now.
Nothing has changed.
We can live together forever
in that apartment.
I don't want that.
You want to be with someone like me?
What do you mean by
"someone like me"? Tell me.
I found out today
that I still don't know you at all.
I was supposed to get to know you more.
You're surprisingly honest
with your feelings,
when your happy or mad.
You're the one I want to be with.
We have a future ahead of us.
That's not true.
There's…
no future ahead of us.
I'm already gone.
We'll proceed.
This is farewell.
Please give your prayers.
I'm already gone.
We can finally talk to each other
and that's what you have to say?
-Yui.
-Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Those aren't the words…
I wanted to hear.
Um…
Can we please not fight here?
We're all adults here,
so please make up with each other.
I'm sorry, Mr. Uozumi, for making you come
in spite of your busy schedule.
And I'm really sorry you were possessed.
No… it's fine.
Thanks to you, it was a lot of fun.
I'm glad.
But we won't make up.
-Wha--
-Just like always.
We stay together even though
we need to figure things out.
We'd just fight again anyway.
We'll
continue to live like that
in the future as well.
So I won't make up with him.
You're strong.
-No, I'm not.
-No, you really are.
Thank you so much for coming today.
Let's go home.
Don't tell me that with a straight face.
Let's go. There's nothing else I can say.
You're right.
She's always like that.
-She's very strong, isn't she?
-Yeah.
She was so mad at me,
and then suddenly she's fine.
I didn't know
someone like that existed.
Is something wrong?
We had an argument.
We…
had a fight.
Back then,
it was right here.
With Rio Ozaki?
Look.
It's the same spot.
Right here…
Rio suddenly told me to go home.
She was acting kind of strange that day.
That's a great picture!
-I love it.
-I like your face in this pic.
Ah, this one too.
JANUARY 2004
I'm fine.
I made sure to bring her with me.
-Yes, I got it.
-Is Gummy picking us up?
Yeah, I think he's around here somewhere.
But he doesn't know where we are.
Okay, I'll go look.
Is someone coming?
What?
I knew it.
-What?
-You should go home.
-Huh? Why?
-Just go.
-Don't get in my way.
-Hey!
Don't come over here.
RAMP
GRAPE GUMMIES
Who came to get them?
A man?
Yeah, it was a man.
But I don't remember much.
So then,
Rio let you escape, right?
He thinks it was Rio Ozaki
who let you escape.
Could that be it?
She said it the other day too.
-Don't come over here.
-"Don't come over here."
"Here…?"
So then,
there must be something
she can't do anything about…
Something she can't escape from.
Maybe Rio told me not to come
for my own sake.
"Here…?"
That money is connected
to the place Rio is referring to.
Five million is
a substantial amount of money.
You mean the money
Naoki was trying to return to Rio?
The fact that a 17-year-old had
that much money is strange in itself.
Teenage girls, the money,
the man in the car…
There is one possible situation here.
So the cases are connected to our past?
And you want to uncover it?
Are you trying to be cruel?
No matter how bad the past may have been,
that is no reason to take your life
or Suzuka Takahara's.
Furthermore,
no one had the right to take away
the future you two were meant to have.
Nobody.
That's why I told you,
you have to go all out
with these kind of things.
It's too weird.
-I'm gonna laugh when you give it to him.
-I think it's cute.
Hey, Rika, are you going
to give it to him now?
-Chi, can you take me to the station?
-Sure.
I'm going to check out your boyfriend.
I'm sorry, but I'm all about looks.
He'll get a thumbs down for sure.
Look, we made too many.
I know, let's give one to him.
Kinari, she said she'll give you one too.
Come here.
Need a ride to the station?
Yes, please.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15TH, 2023
That's too bad
they're gonna close the shop.
I know.
I wanted you to try
Naoki's hamburger steak.
But it can't be helped.
Let's eat something good next time.
-I'll find a place.
-Okay.
What's this?
I found something.
-You scared me.
-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.
It's fine. What's up?
-Hey, Ma-san.
-Huh?
I don't want to be a guardian angel.
I'll disappear when the case is over.
Did you just hide something?
Huh? What?
You seemed to be in a hurry
to hide something when I came in.
-Over there… Hey!
-No.
-You can't.
-Hey!
The kitchen is my sanctuary.
-Your acting suspicious.
-No, I'm not. Now's not the right time.
-Not the right time?
-Don't think about it.
-What do you mean?
-Now is not…?
-Stop it.
-If now's not the right time, then when?
-Let's go.
-I can't sleep if you don't tell me!
-Don't worry about it.
You're always sound asleep.
What is it?
It's very ordinary.
Ordinary is nice.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
I'm no good after all.
What?
All I have is Naoki.
I want Yui…
to live a new life.
I'm going
to live with Naoki.
I won't give up.
Do you know anyone who knows
how I can disappear and enter nirvana?
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 19TH, 2023
Thanks.
Without a phone, I couldn't do anything.
I'll be in the countryside for a while.
Come home when you're ready.
You got a letter in the mail,
so I included it in the package.
Huh?
Thank you. Bye then.
TO MIYAKO ISHIOKA
FROM YUI SOMA
-Even if it's a lie?
-Say you want to be together!
Uozumi, you like Yui, don't you?
A large helping of milk, right?
I'm going home. It's against the rules.
Does anyone know how to enter nirvana?!
If we can trace the source
of the money that Rio had…
Don't leave me.
I want to know what happened.
-Rio!
-Sorry.
-Naoki…
-Yui!